#45 Request to improve the doc about fluentd buffer config and memory usage (#396)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/integrations-in-rancher/logging/custom-resource-configuration/flows-and-clusterflows.md

title: Flows and ClusterFlows
---

> For the full details on configuring `Flows` and `ClusterFlows`, see the [Banzai Cloud Logging operator documentation.](https://banzaicloud.com/docs/one-eye/logging-operator/configuration/flow/).

Author: ```suggestion
See the [Banzai Cloud Logging operator documentation](https://banzaicloud.com/docs/one-eye/logging-operator/configuration/flow/) for the full details on how to configure  `Flows` and `ClusterFlows`.
```

> For memory problems with the logging buffer, see [Rancher Integration with Logging Services: Troubleshooting](../../../pages-for-subheaders/logging.md#The-Logging-Buffer-Overloads-Pods).

Author: ```suggestion
See [Rancher Integration with Logging Services: Troubleshooting](../../../pages-for-subheaders/logging.md#The-Logging-Buffer-Overloads-Pods) for how to resolve memory problems with the logging buffer.
```
